Inspirational music playing in background...
Hi my name is Jo Dynon, welcome to my portfolio.
Throughout this little mini course I hope you find out
a little bit about me, what makes me tick and where I'd like to go.
I am a Learning Experience Designer
who has created both online and blended training solutions
in Government, contracting and consultancy spaces.
I have a reputation for being well organised,
with an eye for detail, using technologies to engage, to inspire, to organise.
I enjoy building positive rapports with internal and external stakeholders
and providing support to those around me.
I look forward to my next adventure!
Take a look through this course to find out more about me.